Only fans what oh, yeah, I guess trash is another so I don't look at only fans. I don't even know that
You have a profile I thought you post there
I
Casey has me on this whole like skincare routine. Oh, I think it's working. She's got me doing like moisturizer at night before bed in the morning
There's like vitamin
See K. Yeah vitamin K. I do like a chemical exfoliant twice a week and the next day
I do vitamin K retinol something out. It's a whole lot of stuff. She claims
I mean she does it on her face. She looks young so she claims it'll do a lot of things stop aging
I'm just I literally never put anything on my face. I hate the feel of lotion on my skin
So the fact that I'm doing anything is going to look different
It bothers me a little bit when I look at the man. I feel so shiny
moisturize yeah
It looks healthy for sure. Oh, yeah, I think I'm healthier than I was
It's just still feels very foreign because I literally did nothing before I wouldn't ever put lotion on my face
I just don't like the feeling mmm-hmm
What's worse sand or lotion for you? Oh sand by a lot. Oh
Sand is my least favorite thing in the world
And I love like family vacation. I just the beach is so hard for me. I'm just the entire time
I'm thinking about where the sand is. It's in my pockets. It's in my pants. It's under my fingernails. It's everywhere
Yeah, I'm just like I'm just so used to it now because we're just always at the beach, so
It's just it's not that bad like you just you just take a shower and you're fine
Yeah, by the end I start to get used to it and I'm fine with it. Okay, the first day though
I'm thinking about like is it gonna make it into our bed? I'm glad we didn't get a car with like leather seats
Or anything because with the Zuko and going to the beach and everything is just our cars like a
It's like an outdoorsy car at this point. Yeah, we call ours
We so we've got like a model X so it's pretty nice
But we call it the minivan because it's just like constantly there's food on the floor like there's just with kids
It's impossible to keep it clean. Yeah, finally just embrace that like feeling that this is not a nice car
It may have been a nice car, but it's not it's just it's a minivan
That's life now. Yeah. Yeah, I definitely went with the more rugged options and I'm glad for that
Can you get my energy up and you my energy levels up so we can get some high energy
shorts
Yes
And I took some caffeine. I'm not gonna lie
You took some the way you described that stuff when you took some caffeine like did you take it in pill form?
No, I've done that in the past. It's been ten years, but I used to take something called thermo lean and
It was like just a caffeine pill basically, but it was marketed as like this work out like abs
No, I think it was marketed more like a pre-workout. I mean you were amped. I don't know how much caffeine was in it
But then they started making it they wouldn't make the normal kind they only made this like thermo lean and ferno
And it literally made me turn red like a lobster. Like my skin got puffy and red
I don't know what they put in that thing. It was probably so unhealthy
But you did you felt it you were ready to go. You know the devil every time you took yeah
Take a look it up. I'm sure it's still a thing
Thermo lean what's your five-hour energy? That's another thing. I've never tried
I have never understood that just sounds like such a toxic thing to put into my body
Like I see it and people like must be buying it. It's all over this grocery store. Like at the checkout. I have no idea
It sounds horrible. Well, it's a kind of an incredible thing because it's not that old of a company and
Somehow it is literally in the front of like every convenience store ever. Yeah, how did that guy do it?
I think it's I think it's like I someone mentioned a story before I think it's like kind of a random dude aren't we all and
He somehow got this in literally every single store. He's super rich
And people must be buying it because otherwise why would people why would they continue to keep it there?
And then what's in it like what in it?
It's just like a shot of something that gives me energy for five hours is super sus to me
Why is that so sketchy sounding five hour energy and it's it's so funny. It's so precise. It's like it's just for five hours
Yeah, maybe that's part of the problem for me is like anything they can be that sure of in the marketing
I don't know. It just sounds like five hour energy ingredients much just be a caffeine drink
Oh, it's just the same stuff that's in energy drinks towering is it just like more concentrated?
I guess so it's a shot of it. Here's the thing. I uh, I love how some energy drinks taste like monster
I think it's so good. I love the taste of red bull. I always did in college. I would drink red bull
Yeah, like I don't care about the energy part. I just love the taste
They're probably so bad for you though. Aren't they like your heart or something? I I mean, I don't ever drink them
It's only so I have a rule where if I'm doing a super long road trip, which happens like
Once or twice a year then I'll like get one of those like my little treat
But outside of that now I never drink it because it just seems like poison
So I had to drive from like south florida back to the Ozarks when we moved back home
and it was like 22 hours or something from Naples and I I remember like
Just driving through the night
Coffee drinks like the cold coffee drinks from convenience stores and just pushing through
Yeah, you kind of like something like that like a big event like a big drive or something
You just kind of like make exceptions like screw your body. Well, you drove through the night
Yeah, just you I think I slept like two hours out of that 24 hour period. That's really crazy
Well, so I flew my family back but I drove a u-haul and pulled our car
If we if we hadn't had a car like we actually sold our car before we moved down there
And we just rode bikes for like the first three months. We were just like no car family
Uh, but then we bought a car down there and if we didn't have that
We probably would have I would have just flown and had some a move our stuff
But I get in the car back and all that just drove a u-haul
So I've done the long drive a lot like I've done it from New York to Miami a bunch
Uh, and I've always had this issue. I'm sure a lot of people have it
The road just hypnotizes me and I like start to fall asleep at the wheel and it has like nothing to do with me being tired
Yeah, no after a certain amount of time. It's just so brain numbingly boring that
I mean I try to listen to books and stuff, but there's no amount of books that can keep you occupied
Uh before the drive. Yeah, the road just kind of drives you crazy
I there's nothing worse in the world to me than being sleepy and at the wheel like you you want to sleep so badly
And it's just like you will die. Yeah, I can remember having in high school
I had a girlfriend that lived like 45 minutes away. Like everything in the Ozarks is like a long drive
What's that? There you did
Okay, you go to a different school
So I just tweeted she did go to a different school
Uh, so she went to some Mountain View and I went to Will Springs. Anyway, uh, who would make that up?
Why would I make that up? I just I tweeted something earlier
Says something about my wife said and somebody's like subtle flex about having a wife. Is that a flex?
like
How many people in the world have significant others?
I'm not trying to like literally everyone eventually
Yeah, right like this is not me trying to be impressive
Do you ever think about that how like no matter like everyone eventually
Mostly everyone just eventually gets married or like find someone. It's like it's kind of amazing
I'm not how terrible you are like you can probably find someone that I'll marry you
It's a good point. I guess some people don't I mean that's like a fear of like ending up alone, right?
Because I never really understood that until I think like adulthood you really think about what would it be like
I'm sorry if this is like
I don't know. This might really hurt people that are in this situation
Just like to grow old and realize if you didn't have kids and you don't have a significant other
Like there's nobody like once your parents and that generation dies. There's nobody like looking out for you
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it is weird. It's kind of dark in it. I know
Anyway, I interrupted you're probably nicer story. Oh, yeah
Let's get back to the the easy one
Much easier listening
I had a girlfriend. She's like 45 minutes away and I would go and like hang out with her
In mountain view or where a burst tree. This is so specific
What about any literal tree is that what you're describing? Oh, it's called versus the town
Sorry, so we would go like I would hang out at her house and I drive back home really late at night
And I can remember falling asleep so many times on that drive at like 1130 at night
And I just was pretty sure like I had a 50 chance in high school of dying on that road
driving back for my girlfriend's house
There's a pre-toxic relationship if you kill
She made you almost kill yourself every time. Yeah, basically her fault
Uh, yeah, there's definitely in times where I'm like
Oh
The last 10 seconds my eyes were closed and I have no idea what happened
When you come to and it's like how long was I out?
Oh, it's so I hate that so much
I mean the autopilot stuff now is great because my car even my car has uh
Again on the highway can pretty much drive itself. Yeah, like saying the lane slow down if someone merging from me all that
So that probably makes it like a hundred times less dangerous. There's yours. Okay. So your car
It's probably not market. It is autopilot. No, it's just like lane assist and cruise control, right?
Yeah, which is really something like that
And that every car has that right does your car make you like touch the wheel every 15 seconds
It's not as aggressive as a tesla one
because like technically it does like make sure my hands on the wheel, but
It's like
Reasonable, it's not like I need to like jerk the wheel around every yeah
Yeah, every person you're you're aware of how the tesla system works because I rented a tesla in Oregon
I was another funny story
So I rented a tesla in portland and we were driving to this really nice hike to like to do
Uh, we got the car and I got a ticket three minutes later
because
portland has these giant highways like like they they seem like uh
Like I don't know what type of thing they were called freeways when they're like or like interstate type things
Yeah, I'm used to like being able to go like really fast on those
But it turns out they're treated like a local highway and the speed limit is like 50 something miles an hour and I was going like 80 something
And as I say this I'm remembering I actually forgot to pay that ticket and it's been two years
So I guess I can't go back. Are you like wanted in the state of Oregon? I guess so
Yeah, wow
on the drive back
I'm by the way, I'm terrified of like self-driving cars like I
Yeah, like just I can't like my brain is is not there
Uh, but I was trying a little bit with my like really diligently
I was like trying it again because I was scared and I had my hand on the wheel and everything and tesla like didn't
It like was too aggressive with what it was asking me to do and I thought I wasn't I didn't have my hand on the wheel
And it like banned me from using autopilot for the rest of the trip. Yeah, it'll do that
So I have I could go on all kinds of stories. I've driven tesla's for 10 years like we got our first in 2013
And so we've seen the whole
Self-driving stuff come along and then once I started marketing as autopilot
It's funny to me that like people will be like, oh you drive a tesla. It's like drives itself
Like no, actually it's a worse version of the probably better system you have in your car
But it's marketed as autopilot and it makes me jerk the wheel over 15 seconds
It's actually pretty bad and I think didn't they recall all the tesla
Cars that have full self-driving beta or something. They've recalled like every tesla model x and model s or something
I don't know the details, but
Uh, yeah, it's not very good
I I'm full believer that it'll get there and that it's going to be great when all of our cars drive themselves like
Big fan of that idea. Hope we get there
Uh, but the current version is just kind of like a marketing trick and it's a bad one. Yeah, I think me personally the
I'm very comfortable with the highway self-driving where it's like following the lanes and even if for like decent-sized turns
It'll be able to do it. Uh, and that's like
80% of what I want self-driving for like 90% of what I want self-driving for so I feel like we already basically have
It
I don't really care about it navigating like my local streets for like the three minutes
It takes me to go up the highway and back to my house
Yeah, I can't imagine having the confidence in it because even on the highway or just like coming up to stoplights
On like semi-highway like where it's pretty fast roads
Uh, it's just like it doesn't stop at stoplight, but it'll stop at the car
But it's just very aggressive like the way it breaks
It's super aggressive and it's not the way I would drive so I can't imagine like
Pedestrians around coming up to stoplights and in the middle of town like that would
Freak me out. I hope we get there. Yeah, if I'm gonna die, it's gonna be my own fault. Yeah, exactly
Why is everyone saying emo stream today? Is it because I'm here?
I mean, I think they're referring to trash. Is that your vibe?
I think so. I don't know what my vibe is. If I'm being honest, if I'm being honest, I don't know what my vibe is
I mean part of your vibe is like, I mean the whole name is like I'm bad at stuff
Just like don't mind me. That's part of it, right? But you're not bad at stuff. It's all a big scam
Yeah, I don't think it was uh, I think it was just to lower expectations so people can't make fun of me
Like so I said this example before you now. Have you ever seen eight mile?
Uh, yes
So at the very end of eight miles the m&m documentary or the movie
So at the very end he basically freestyles and disses himself the whole time to where the other guy just couldn't even say anything bad
So it's like well, I always had a crash though. You can't come into my stream and tell me I suck
I'm just like, all right, bro. We get it. We get it. So then it's like it just like pretty much like stops a lot of trolls
So like when someone does a troll, I'm just like dude
We just like well, just look at them. We're just like what are you doing and then just make it look stupid
Did you always have that like did you start your online persona as trash or were you doing stuff before that?
Yeah, it was great. COVID happened and I was like dude, I'm so bored
I used to go to the office every day like I worked at like a startup and I was just like, you know
It went from just like high-paced seeing people all the time constantly busy to like I'm sitting at home like
Just sitting there and I was like dude, I need to like talk to somebody or something or I'm gonna like lose my because
When you're in the remote environment like you can be on slack, but like no one's really talking on slack
You don't really have like that interaction. I'm like a super I'm like a super social person
I'm granted. I am the guy in the office has their headphones on and literally doesn't talk to anybody
But like but like I absorb the vibe. But when I do want to talk, it's like I just don't work
Uh, so yeah, I just like did I need to go online and I think I saw like prime was like the first stream I ever saw and I was like
Dude, people watch people program like this is stupid
Who would like sit at their computer and like watch someone code? It was like it blew me away
I didn't know what twitter was I always thought twitter was stupid. I was like who wants to just read sentences on their phone
You know what I mean? It's like so like these two things like
Slowly crept into my life
Uh, but yeah, that was like pretty much how it all started like twitter was like later
I started twitter like a year ago, but yet twitch was just like well
I want to build stuff and I never finish it because I have no accountability. So maybe if I stream it like
I'll finish it and it ended up. I just like kept knocking things out because when you start off
No, it watches you or at least me because I didn't have like online presence
So it's like I literally like my only viewer was like my phone that I put so I would at least have
No, I'll talk to my wife and be like, hey, babe. Can you can you turn on my stream too?
So I could have like two viewers
So it was like that and I was just like well, no one to talk to me. So I was just crushing code
And that's like how it was like three or so months and then like slowly people started like creeping in
But yeah, it was wild
It was wild now we're here. Yeah. Now. Now you like now you boomers are here now. It's just weird space
Boomer. You're the oldest person to play with us
What are you talking about? It's because you look like you're 12. Does it mean we don't know you're real age born in 2000
Are you talking about?
How old are you? Are you here?
I'm not enough to be bored. I was gonna say yeah, I was pretty sure
I think you said you were born in 85. I remember correctly. I was hoping you wouldn't say that during this
Yeah, I'm a certified dad. It's fine. It's not a big deal
Oh, look at that flexibility, man
I just woke up well, I didn't just wake up and they're like I just started my day because I'm on the west coast
So I'm just like getting into it. Just sat down. Yeah, what are you gonna be back on the east coast?
So I was gonna move back to the east coast this fall
But like my kids go into school and I was like, I don't want to move him in the middle of the school year
Like they'll be like messed up, right?
So I think we pushed it to the summer of next year
So I'm gonna be paying an absurd amount of rent until next year
Dude running california is like the worst thing but this what's even worse is like interest rates are so high
So I'm like looking at houses. So I was like, I just have to like put a fat down payment just so like
We can always be fine answer. But dude, it's crazy. Yeah, we're in the weird situation with that too
Like we have our apartment in New York, which we have like a 2-2 interest rate on which is fantastic
You own it?
Yeah
So we got that like six years ago, but we moved in a little bit anymore
We have a tenant would love to sell it
But like then I lose my nice low mortgage to then like pick up
Like a 7% mortgage now somewhere here. The prices here haven't like gone down to reflect the high interest rate
It's just that nobody is buying or selling so there's like 10% amount of inventory
They normally should be so how much are you making off the top of your of their rent?
We lose money. Oh, you're losing money on your New York place with your tenant?
Yeah, New York City apartments don't really turn a profit
You the only reason people own them is the long-term appreciation is like very
Good historically, right so whatever money we lose theoretically we could make it back when we sell it
I'm just hoping to break even on the whole thing because then it'll be like I didn't pay rent for the five years
I lived there, but yeah, like if you add up
The taxes and the maintenance for the building
Uh, and we still haven't paid off the market so we're still paying a mortgage
Like we lose money even with the tenant that we have had in there
Wow, I thought you'd be making like a grand on top or something
I guess it's that's another case
We lose like a hundred bucks if we had paid the mortgage often. Yeah, we'd be making money, but you know
Not not yet. So yeah, it's brutal
It's brutal everywhere. What about you Adam? Like are you is your stuff paid off or no?
I doubt it you live like in a kingdom. I don't know
Now we've we've I mean we've got a low interest. It's like two and a half. I think we may have been when it was on the upswing
What year was that uh two years ago?
Yeah, so we've been in the sauce two years now, you know
My friend bought a house like the month before the interest rates are going up
And I was like and it was it was after like two years of looking for a house
And he finally bought one and like perfect timing and I hate him forever
Oh, yeah
There's I have friends that I hate still because I know they moved like during it's like they sold right the peak before the housing crisis in
'08 and they moved across the country and bought at these crazy low prices after it had crashed like east coast had crashed
I don't know. It's like they made this huge windfall. Yeah. I should have kept my I should have kept my house when I moved mistake
Big mistake also the people that bought at the beginning of the pandemic that was also really crazy. So in the neighborhood that I'm in
Oh, here's something crazy. So I the house I'm in right now. I rent in Miami. It's a fantastic place. I'd love to literally buy this place
The landlord bought it right at the beginning of the pandemic because you remember the beginning of the pandemic everyone was like
Oh, no, like I don't know house prices are like everyone was panicking. So they were selling their houses for like very low
He bought this place for 600k and I saw on the history
Uh, he listed it for a year later literally one year later for 1.7 million dollars
And I'm like you motherfucker
No one bought it, but he like tried to sell it for like three times a price
Insane. I have never once in my life bought something low and sold it high. I don't go the way around for me
Oh, yeah, same timing just gonna work out for me. Yeah, I guess don't take financial advice from this stream. Yeah, don't
Yeah
Yeah, the only financial advice I have is just to make more money
That's like just just make nothing's gonna help. Yeah, I was making more more more money
I feel like I've been able to be pretty bad with money. Just making a lot of money in tech my whole career
It's like kind of glosses overall the mistakes the timing problems and all that. Yeah. Yeah, that's only that helps
I mean, that's what's nice when you have like a good income. It's like you kind of
Don't have to pay as close attention to these kind of things, right? Yeah, but then when you kind of look back at it
You're like man. I'm like a teenager with my money and just yeah
Spending everything it's ridiculous. Oh my god in the Ozarks like it's a pretty I mean, it's not a super
like
High-income area. So I've had a lot of family and friends ask like could you help us with our finances?
Like I don't know anything about it
Like I've not just make money just make more money and most problems go away
I think you're literally the only person I know that
Like is associated with those arts at all like I didn't even know it was a real place
I only knew about it because I'm not just a mountain. I really thought it was a mountain
I just know it as a tv show. I still actually don't even know where it is
It's just the middle of the country. It's like there's like a mountain
It's like a hilly area in the middle of the country called the Ozarks
I just know you post pictures of your surroundings and it looks grim
I mean, it's like
I mean, it's it's pretty like from like a if you like like outdoorsy stuff
There's a lot of like hiking and rivers and caves and stuff like that
are you like in a neighborhood of like
similar houses, are you just kind of like this like nice place in the middle of like
Nothing and everyone's kind of looking at you like
No, it's like uh, we've got an HOA and it's it's like a nicer neighborhood in the area
Yeah, I just imagine like you go to the grocery store and you're like, oh, it's that rich guy coming in
It's everyone. Look, it's the rich guy. It's the king. The king is here. How are you doing mr. Adam?
We have your book ready for you today. Oh my god
It's freaking what is it almond milk? What do you drink out of? We drink all of them
Just not stuff that comes out of animals. So we drink soy. Are you vegan cashew? Yeah
We've been vegan for like 10 years. It's so hard to talk about being vegan because of the perception
Of like i'm vegan by the way. Well, it's like you use them. You're vegan. It's like you're like adding all these like trying to be
Yeah, trying to be annoying like dax dax is he's got a big list crossfit. At least i'm not vegan
Dax is definitely not being used as like posting steak photos
I don't have a question about this. That's is it stephen stefan stefan
Yeah, is he like is that his boat like every time you post a picture of like that dude
Like they're doing like rich things. I'm just like who's the rich person in this like
Dynamic
The thing about miami is it's very very easy to become adjacent to a incredibly rich person
so everyone here is always doing rich shit because
there's like
One out of every 20 people is like stupid rich and then they just throw parties with many other people
so
That's why miami's the spot to go if you want to look rich because someone will help you out
Are you hanging out with other tech bros or they just like there's no tech bros here
Is it just you? Yeah, it's not
Just me. Is it just you and uh and stuff? Yeah, just me and stuff on uh it's the two of us
Uh, no, well, it's okay. What are rich people here like so there's a mix of like just very true
traditional stuff like real estate
Family has a bunch of real estate, whatever there's rich south americans that uh live
Year half the year or whatever like their families here
Uh, there are people rich from like the randomest stuff. I was telling adam. There's like a house that is like
Crazy near us where the family just sells crackers and that's it. They just sell like the food
What's the what's the comp? What's the brand? I don't remember. It's like it's like a very Cuban specific thing
Uh, Liz's uncle is like like stupid rich and he owns just a bunch of health clinics here
Uh, a lot of like small businesses that have scaled
To like as big as a small businesses can scale. So there's just a lot of that
Uh, so yeah, there's always just rich people but they're never and they're never really in tech
Uh, some of that is starting to show up the only fans towers
Those people aren't really rich, but they are serving
Fans what oh, yeah, I guess trash didn't know this so I don't I don't I don't look at only fans. I don't even know what that is
You have a profile. I thought you post there
So mind me build like a crazy amount. It's not like other cities. They're just like, uh
Bolognesque by housing like we built a good shit ton of housing. There's always like tons of cranes everywhere
There's an area that we refer to as the only fans tower. So the bunch is like brand new
Buildings and I swear like 40 percent of the people that live there are just 100
Only fans people and you can tell you just walk by see people coming out. It is very obvious
So they're referred to their house. They're definitely on only fans
Liz is a Liz's sister has been trying to so she's been trying to find a roommate
And in Miami like the whole living with roommates thing is not very common
Because most who just live with their family like people don't leave Miami like you are born here
You grow up here you stay with your parents
Uh even while you're working maybe when you get maybe when you get married or get a boyfriend
Then you like move out with your boyfriend or your husband and then you like live on your own
So there's not a lot of people that have roommates
And the other thing she was complaining about was like the only people I can find are like only fans people that just make their whole rent and like a day
And yeah, so she found out really frustrating. Oh my god
That is a thing here. That's a vibe. We need a
Be the streamer house. I mean that's kind of like how it is in LA. It's like there's a lot of just content creator houses
Right and just people are just I don't know. It's just the whole content creation thing is
I hate him like it because obviously i'm like someone in it. It's like
What if like I look in the mirror and i'm like who am I?
Am I i'm not successful enough to be like one of those people, you know
Yeah, how much does your wife know about like your online persona? Does she like look at your stuff? I think like i'm not like i'm not like famous or anything
But like when I first started streaming we lived in a smaller place in LA
So I would literally be streaming and i'm in the living room. She's watching tv right there
And like i'll just be saying stuff and she'll just like turn over like what are you talking about?
Like I don't know and you can just see her watching tv behind me because the person wasn't big
like and like i used to like um get drunk a lot before I had my second kid. I would just like
Code and drink until I couldn't comprehend anything and then go to bed
So what happened is I had like this dance redemption. I would just like dance someone would redeem dance and i'll just be drunk dancing in the living room
And she's like she was just like
Good her phone. She's like you're so embarrassing and i'm just like
Interesting, it's interesting. I don't know. Did you ever think this would be your life?
I'm trying i'm slowly like getting away from it slowly instead of it. I do like the twitter thing
But I don't really like stream on wait getting away from
I mean just like i'm just trying to like focus more on like
More important things Netflix I guess like all means like
Now like i'm like excited about things i'm building which is it's been a while since i've been excited about building something
So now i've been like kind of tunnel vision on that and all my free time mostly goes to that
I mean i still like shit post on twitter like that's like my my bathroom thing
But like now that like, you know, it's kind of like with like you guys and your products
Right, it's like you have like successful products right and like you want to build things for it where
Build things on top of it and that's kind of like
I'm starting that era. I think for myself since it's like i'm pretty like stoked on it
Um, so yeah, i've just been like heads down just doing my doing my thing
You know what i mean like you guys are engineers like when you're like excited to build something, you know
That feeling just like yeah zone out kind of ignore stuff and like now that like i've kind of
Reignited that passion like i can i'm starting to like look at all these other things like oh man like it's not as fun
Not as i don't i don't say it's not fun because i definitely want to keep doing it
But it's like well i have something more important than i need to do at the moment
Yeah, i'll get you guys just kind of throwing around exactly i mean to be honest like it streaming on twitch was never like a priority
Twitters never a priority, you know, we all love twitter, but it's like, you know, it's it's a time sink
Because we just need to be distracted and you know, i don't know we just need to feel something i guess and it is fun
Because it's like you're just like it's like you're just in a chat room with all your friends, right?
So that's like that's what makes it like fun, you know, i know you guys can relate like, you know if we go through these ups and downs
I'm not saying this is a down, but you go through time is where it's like well
What am i doing?
Yeah, what am i getting out of this i ask that question all the time. Yeah, it's like what am i actually doing so like i've been
Slowly like not like time tracking my stuff on these apps but like being like, okay
Put the phone down and let's do something else and then like be productive i guess yeah
Yeah, so that's like kind of where i'm at now
So and i'm not saying like now that i found like this new love of what i'm building
I'm better than like all the people doing these other things that's not the case
It's just that i will get back to it because it's just who i am like i love talking to people
I love building communities are like can you share anything about what you're working on?
I've seen you kind of tease some stuff on twitter what can you what can you tell us?
Yeah, i mean we're just building like literally just like
If you know me i'm like super hardcore about typescript and i love just like typescript in general
So imagine just like a platform so there's like map pococks platform like told typescript for like learning and stuff
But it's like a merge of like that the type challenge github repo
Which if you have ever been into type challenges i was like super into that for a while
We're bringing that so it's like merge that will leak code but then merge it with like the social aspects
Of like social media so being able to like oh man, that's a cool solution
Let me comment and share mine and blah blah blah but then like if anyone's ever used typescript playground
It's really hard to like collaborate on those things
So like you share you have like this huge link and blah blah blah
So we have we're we basically built our own typescript playground
But like we're making it better like it's just a better typescript playground mix will leak code mixed with
The educational aspects of like teachers like matt and like other platforms
Yeah, yeah
So yeah, i mean at the end of the day it's more it's more or less like leak code on steroids but specifically for typescript and specifically
like
Just to be able to like it's like it's a very niche group. It's for people that are just like
Really into it. All right, like so you see like on like matt pococks there has he does like a he has like a target audience
Right people that yep or like either super hardcore into it doing like rich generic stuff or people that just want to get better
So it's like kind of like scratching both of those itches so you can imagine there's like a number of categories that you can
Use for like challenges. So we have like beginner so like you just started and then all the way up expert
But the cool part is we're gonna try to benchmark your typescript
So the idea there is if you're a library maintaining your typescript slow we
We want you to just come to our platform and copy and paste your typescript and we'll actually benchmark it for you
Um, so like when you think about typescript now and you kind of like when you're kind of comparing your solutions
You don't know which one's better. You basically go off of readability. You're like, oh, man
I can't read this but I can kind of read this
But there's also another element because the typescript compiler is limited on how much it can handle
Right. So like trpc is a project i've been involved in and when you have like inference and like crazy stuff going on
You hit a limit and the typescript compiler like hits a wall
So with the with the benchmarking we can kind of help you like
Identify those things. So that's a big thing. So I am
Like I similar to you
I'm like really into just going crazy with the types of stuff an area that I have not spent any time in is figuring out
The some of those performance things and no one has
Or no, exactly
Yeah, but i'm like I like notice it all the time. So like I have
Some new sc console for example, like we do a lot of crazy inference stuff there
And i'm noticing stuff slowing down and I have no idea how to
Even profile it to figure out like what's actually going on. Is there even a better way to do this?
Uh
Yeah, that area is lacking and i'm kind of like this needs to get figured out either by
The compiler getting better, which is obviously ideal. Uh, or at least like
some awareness of
How to do things to avoid like the things that make the compiler slow, right? Exactly
So like that features like the nice to have but that's like
Fat feature will tap us into because like when you think about leak code people
Compare each other by like space time complexity, but it's like, okay. Well, how do we do that with typescript?
Well, I guess with benchmarking it with whatever tool we're going to use, right? That's like the difference here
But it's not it's not like a need for what we're going to do
But it's like it's something I want because like there's obviously a spectrum of users from beginner to expert
But then there's like the library authors and stuff like that. So it's like
They're they tend they already kind of know typescript to like a pretty deep level
So I don't really see them doing challenges other than like just for game
Like like hey check out mine
It's like you see that on twitter people like look at my challenge verse or look at my solution verse
Like yours like andreus first like matt when they're like sharing solutions, right?
Um, but then it's like but like you said like the whole like performance thing like such in from the tier pc court team
He had a blog
Because he went deep down the performance bottleneck because we were trying to figure that stuff out
But it's like yeah, how can I just like make that?
consumable
For like like the average person so like I can't like promise it's going to be like
Oh, it's your bottleneck is right at line five or something
But we should always be like this one's this one's faster than that one
Yeah, at least because right now it's a total mystery and I only really feel it in my editor
And like how long the autocomplete takes it up. That's the only time you know, it's like oh, it's slowing down
I guess i'm doing something wrong, right?
And that's kind of like what we do on tier pc
We kind of like generated this huge type and when it breaks we know that something slowed down
You know what I mean
Yeah, it's it's crazy. I was gonna ask has anyone done like the thing that your vision sounds really cool
Has has anyone done the type of thing before I imagine that probably know because
You need the language to be like at a certain scale for someone that has to be really viable and types of is at such a huge scale
But like are you drawing inspiration from anything? I mean i'm drawing inspiration from me really being in the type challenges and
uh
Just it's on github and github is very limited, right? So it's like yeah
Like if I want to like solve something it takes me to type script playground
And then it's like if I want to share the solution, I got to make a pull request and share it
And then people can comment on the github platform
But I wanted to just bring that all in the one place one make it look nicer
So like you can literally it's literally like leave code for like type script
But like some extra stuff really but then it can kind of grow into something else
But that's like the base model
But yeah, it just comes from like it literally just comes from my love of just doing type script challenges and
Always having to share type script playgrounds and that being annoying
So I just want something to like kind of like track all that stuff for me. It's more streamlined for this exact
Like I can go you can go to my profile. You can see so the cool thing about this is that you'll be able to create your own challenges too
So it's like all user generated
So it's like if you're
You know something that's really into type script, but you know, you don't really have a platform to share it
You can go on our platform share something
But there's like a moderation tool behind it, right?
Like we don't want to anyone to just like make challenges and spam stuff
But yeah, so that's like the cool part. So like the idea is like you can spotlight creators
Like for instance, if we do launch would be like, okay, let me invite like a bunch of people that I know the types of community
Like here's the collection of like Dax's problems. Check it out and you can go through and solve them and share your solutions upvote
Share blah blah blah. But it's just like it's just a cool way to like spotlight certain creators
Like right now like leeko, you can't I don't know if you can create anything. It's kind of like you have this laundry list
of stuff
Um, so I kind of just want to like make it more community based
But also like the hard part about that is like, you know moderation and stuff. So we're building moderation tools behind it
Um, and then also discoverability. So obviously like we want everyone to be seen. So just be like different sections
You know, this is what's hot today or just what's most recently solved
Like you can kind of like you can kind of like draw on the possibilities on this like forever
But that's like the mvp who's working on it with you. You keep saying we
Is it like your community?
So the cool thing is is I started this by myself and then my community was like, dude
We want to help so then like 15 people jumped on and we've just like I think we probably have like a solid group of like seven
Constant like contributors like every day. We're just like pushing stuff. Um, so like we went from like
like here and now we're like
As far as progress we're here like the launch stage is like is getting closer and closer. So it's like insane that like
People were willing to rally behind me to kind of work on this
Uh, so it's like been pretty pretty neat to see that like I've built a community to where people would want to help me
But it also like validates my idea that people want to see it come to fruition
Right and like I think like this is actually like gonna do well
Mainly just because like it's just the
TypeScript's booming, right? Like if you look at any job job thing like web web dev jobs are
Plenty full. I want to say plenty full, but there's a lot of them but type scripts like more or less like a standard now
So like I want to be able to like
So when you think about people going to leak code to practice for job interviews, right?
You can go to my platform to like get better at this so you can get better your job, right?
Um, but again, it's like it's a it's a flavor because some of it as you get more complex with your challenges
You really don't want to go in there unless you're like a library author or you're writing like utils that are actually usable
But there is like gonna be an aspect for people. I like, you know, I just want to what's a string?
What's a number for all that easy stuff like so it's like something for everybody, I guess?
Is this all like like I'm assuming open source? It's gonna be a little it's a close source right now
But it's gonna be we've been using the app directory. This has been crazy
I was like what was gonna ask what is the stack and how's it going?
So we're using app there because I was like I started out by myself and I was like, do let me just try app directory because
I want to have it on everyone's talking trash about it
But like I have it actually use this let me try it and then we're messing between drizzle and prisma
We have like a PR for drizzle and then we also have prisma right now. I don't know what we're gonna do
Probably drizzle if I have to guess and then we're using planet scale because I just wanted to try planet scale for fun
I don't know if that's actually like we're still like at a spot where we can just switch that out like it's not it's not hard, right?
Um, it's just a matter of like is that important because I just want to build features and if someone wants to like tackle the
dv layer they can but like yeah like we're trying to do like polymorphic like relationships and like that just doesn't exist in like prisma
Um, so like we're just hitting like a lot of like weird patterns that you just can't do in prisma
Yeah, so it's so I don't know. I don't even think like drizzle can do
I don't know if any rms can actually do no
I mean the polymorphic thing is a big problem in relational databases, right because it's like
There's a few different ways you can model them and they all suck. I just end up though in a JSON
Column and then I'll like type I'll type it in uh because drizzle has a nice integration with zod
So define the union there gotcha. Okay. I might like to talk to you offline about that because right now like we're like well
We had someone else take us. We just have like separate tables to like represent these relationships and we're just like okay
So now we kind of have like duplicate tables so you can imagine like maybe you have like
A challenge comment you can comment on someone's challenge, but then you can comment on someone's solution
We don't have like a solution comment and like a challenge comment first. Yeah, one table that kind of like helps direct that
Um, I don't know. I would love to get your opinion and like how we could make it better
But yeah, it's just one of those things where that is like, you know, if you go talk about the relational database normal form stuff
like the way you guys are doing it is more correct, but I find in practice that just doing it in a JSON column and
Having your application only your application understand the union is like practically like an easier thing to do with
But yeah, we can we can talk about it. Um, yeah, it's one of the one of the main
Like especially when you do so much type script you're you realize like how useful like unions are and like how to break the types are
And you're just so used in wanting that ability everywhere and it's just such a pain
Interlational database
Uh, and I feel this way across like another language is too like now when I go to any language that doesn't that can't do that type of thing
It's like very painful. Yeah, it's super annoying and I saw like
um, some other people mentioning it and I was just kind of going down the rabbit hole and no one really has like
Great solutions. I'm so like what we have right now
It works like I'm like I'm like I'm like at the like we're at the point where like make it work
We can make it better later kind of thing. We'll pay that tax but
Yeah, oh no, but yeah as far as app directory like I wanted to have an opinion on that
The dev server like I just tweeted like two days ago. I was like, please
So like I think the dude from the control made them do that really funny tweet about
I hate that he ended it and then like no, I'm him. I'm like him right now because
You just it's like I click on something and like if I literally have like cold starts like locally, right
And I'll literally just go like scratch my foot or something and just like wait
So like right now you can imagine we have like this tab container
Each tab container is a route because we want to be able to deep link all those
So every time you click on a tab it has to compile that thing on the fly
So it's like just to interact with stuff
It's like I wait like 10 seconds and then everything starts loading and like starts flickering everywhere
And I'm like, is that a bug on my end?
So I have to do like a prod build to make sure it's like, okay
I'm hoping it's getting better. Everyone say it's gonna get better like right now
The only pain point really is just a dev server
Which is literally the entire local experience
So I can't really say it's not a big deal because it is but I don't know Guillermo said he has
his best people working on it based on that
No, lazy throwing 50 engineers on it. That was the man
How many people do like can you tag who's working on it?
Can we double it?
Yeah
Whatever it is. Can we double it?
Yeah, I think I think people get stuck on this type of thing a lot where
Sometimes there's stuff that's bad because
Foundationally architecturally you can never be good
Uh, and like yeah, you should like worry about that or like try to avoid it
Then there's situations like this where there's actually nothing wrong foundationally
It's just that it just needs more time and that's my feeling as well like given enough time
It'll be fine
And it's funny because you brought the the Prisma drizzle thing
Uh, so I put Prism in the other category
I think if foundationally it's wrong architecturally and there's nothing you can do to fix some of the issues in it
Uh, and when I like initially it was posting about drizzle people were like
Oh, like no, you shouldn't use drizzle because it's missing feature a bcd
Whatever, but those aren't features that are missing because there's like a foundational problem. They're just not there yet
And
If you're the fast forward now six months later like most of those features are there
Uh, so yeah, that's why I think we're just gonna go weird phase with next day
I again, I have all these opinions about next days and I still have not used it even once
I don't even use it even once. Look at how smart I sound
Don't I sound like I wasn't talking about it?
Prisma sucks, I don't use it. No
But it's definitely sucks. Prisma is a different story
It's a man. I can tell you
I can tell you all kinds of stories, right
It's because every three days there's like some question in our help channel like how do I use Prisma with serverless?
I've just spent the next 15 minutes arguing with them explaining them why
It's a bad idea and it won't work. You gotta make a command
You just make a command and call Prisma and they'll just explain every all the things you I started doing that
You know what I did? I wrote a message where I was like
I was so sick of it because I was like this isn't our problem
Like this is really is not our problem
We like why do we have the burden of supporting this so I wrote a message
I was just like
Unfortunately, like we cannot assist with problems with Prisma like we need to redirect you back to the Prisma community
And hopefully they can help you figure it out, but it was very frustrating because like for literally two years
The annoying part was we understood it very well because it's very popular
It's almost very quickly we're like how do we help people deploy this in and in a way on the function
November function and
We tried really hard and we ran to all these issues and we understood what was broken into the hood
And then for years nobody believed us literally people would come to us
And then we would explain this down and be like no, they said it should work
And we're just like what the like what what do you want?
Like I can't I feel like getting like a weird argument with them
And I think finally it's like shifted around and even this morning. I think prime stream prime rated us by the way
He like he was reading some article about about these issues, but it took so long
I took like two and then in those two years. I was just
Support ticket after support ticket after support ticket. It's uh, it's really deep hatred in my heart
Well, the main thing is like prison was just large
Right. So like is that like that's contributing to like the startup time?
Yeah, I think if I explain
I think the way I understand it is uh, they're very ambitious early on they're like we're gonna be the rm for
Not just type script but for like many languages
Uh, so if that's your goal, you wouldn't write your core and type script
You'll write your core in some language that is portable
Across various places, right? So they wrote their core and rust
Uh, and then they wrote like a type script
Like adapter for that like calls into it like it spins with the rust thing locally that talks to database
And it just has an api for types with interact with and they also built a go version of this
Uh over time they realized they really were only getting adoption and type script and they dropped
the go one
Uh at this point they're like very focused on type script
But they still have this legacy architecture of like splitting these two things and rust binaries are very big
spawning an additional process
Like when when like a lambda function starts up it's just going to be slow. There's just a bunch of issues with that
The size increases a lambda function called star times again. None of these are problems in a container environment
Like you just wait wouldn't even notice this yeah, exactly
But with everyone deploying like using prisma and next and bracelle was like a very common pattern
Uh, a lot of our users also just defaulted the prisma and yeah, every single one of them had like two or three seconds
As a productivity man everyone can just get started really fast and then you hit these things and you're like, what?
Everyone gets really fast and then annoy the shit out of me six months later. It's just kind of what uh
It's kind of how it goes. So like so does jizzle kind of address like those performance issues?
Yeah, so drizzle is like we're only going to be type scripts from day one
So they roll everything in type script and their patterns are very good
So they've been able to adapt to long-running connections like a direct postgres or my single connection or like
Uh new like HTTP based api as a planet skills
Uh or neon's api is or even AWS has one uh, so yeah, it's
It's worked really well
It does make you know a little at least there's like two layers to drizzle. There's like a core which is like
A close to sequel sequel builder. So you feel like you're mostly running sequel
Then there's like a higher relational layer which like is a very similar api to prisma
So like you think in terms of the objects and the relationships and things like that
I don't use that second part. I'm fine just doing
Like the rawr sequel feeling things that we're like keisley or whatever you call it. Yeah, exactly
So we initially when we ran to the prisma problem or like, okay, we got
Like prisma is a good solutions list type safety and like knowing your steam on writing your your queries in a type safe way
So let's find something that does that we found. I've been pronouncing it kaisley. I think they're now
It's a quesela or something like that
I don't know about that for now. Maybe that's not as raw
I know it's
I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I know eagle. I forget his name. I think it's like you know
He's on the he works for them, but I think he was trying to pronounce it for me. I was like, but I don't know
No, it's a it's a tough name to pronounce. That's the hardest part about that
So we found that initially but that only did the querying part into the ski and management part
And then the drizzle people it's funny because I had known about them for a while because they
Like commented on something I think and I was like I retweeted and I was like, oh, this was cool
But I never actually looked into it and I finally looked into it six months later because they like
Saw me struggling with prisma on a twitch stream
They actually watched the whole stream after I streamed it
Then like annotated every timestamp and was like, here's how we solve this
Here's how we solve this here's how we solve this and I was like, holy shit
The drizzle folks?
Yeah, okay, okay
It was before like anyone was really using them and I was like wow one
That's like brilliant of them to like go and like really like spend the time to do that and like tell me
And then it's what eventually it ended up checking them out
So what happens when you don't have any users? You just
You're just trying to get one user
Yeah
And I was like, okay, this is it. This is the thing we've been looking for
But man, it's been a it's been a journey
Yeah, that's awesome
So I see a lot of people using prisma for like the type generation
But then they feed that
Into something else
So then they don't act to actually ship prisma
They just use it as a type as a code generator
I still find it kind of heavy
I think it's absolutely like
Even the local dev part I find it kind of heavy and like drizzle skips a type generation part because all it in front
But people like the prisma like file
But there's a cap on that
Like depending on how big your scheme is, right?
Yeah, I do wonder when when it'll be too slow
Haven't hit it yet because I use sequel in a weird way, but
Yeah, so it's like
It's great like people use inference, right?
But it's like there's there's a limit on like how that scales like if you're like a large business
Like I don't know if you can actually use that like an afflict we've
TypeScript would just like throw up on the floor and pass out for sure
Yeah, I mean even in even the stuff that I work on like, uh, like boo me the
Me and my wife's company like that
There are some parts of that that are like really starting to
Slow down and this like this needs to be sold. It's like uh, I think it's gonna be a real bottleneck for
like the real vision of TypeScript to really come around
Wasn't the dude from vorcel dawn making uh
Tw yeah
Did you stop working on it? I can't remember. No dude. I loved I love this because I remember
I've been following on twitter for a while and I remember what he used to sound like before he started working on it
Dude, hey, he just said he has the most depressing tweets and he's like, do I even like programming?
It's just what I still want to do. He feels like he was like I'm thinking about just giving this repo to somebody
Will somebody save me? It's just like the most like just blank stare like no
It's it took everything out of him. It's like it goes from like passion to just like despair
I'm like, oh man. Yeah, he's been like that for like like over a year now
So I think he just he just fucks
I think he hit a wall where like he could do most of this stuff
But then the last like 20 percent was like, I don't know if I can actually make it work
I'm just like it's tricky though because the TypeScript team also said that their issues aren't
the language
Like they don't feel like rewriting it in a faster language would yield enough to be worth it
Right
At least that was their last position
Do they actually talk about like do they talk about the performance issues and like long-term plans?
I don't know if they're gonna do anything about it. I have no idea
I haven't heard anything
Is it just not a problem for most people? Is it only like very specific use cases or is it
After you get to a certain point of complexity, it's going to be slow
I think as TypeScript has gotten more feature rich people, it's like
When it gets 10 more features, there's like
200 more opportunity to do stuff with it
So I think that's kind of what we're experiencing now
Like it's got hit a threshold where we just all started doing really crazy shit with it
Not pointless stuff. I really useful stuff
Yeah, so then they maybe just caught them off guard. Yeah, I don't really know
I haven't heard anything but it's TypeScript like it's the type system in TypeScript
So much better than other options
So as to deal with the the disaster that is JavaScript on the back end
I mean just all of the no JS and npm baggage like ultimately TypeScript
It's a great experience and I mean
I'm not gonna say it's bad. I just like there are so there's so much baggage in JavaScript land
Are there not other type systems that are good enough?
Well, the obvious one was flow which never took off that stayed at Facebook
Well, I wasn't even talking JavaScript like other languages
Yeah, like if they're not other options for back-end languages that give us 80% of the type system
Whatever you guys like about advanced TypeScript
Well, there's like a few things right there. Okay, just a type system on its own
I do think there are better type systems, but I'm not talking about the insane ones
I I like the whole
ML of camel family of like type systems
I think that I in the best parts of TypeScript like when you write TypeScript well
You're pretty much writing it in that style
Uh, the difference is TypeScript has support more than that has support all of JavaScript is why
It's like their scope is wider
So there is I think there is some excitement around the the languages that are coming out of that family
And they even just even the ones that I compiled to JavaScript
Uh, it's just not the ecosystem just isn't isn't there yet. Uh, so for me
I'm still sticking to TypeScript
But if you look at some of the performance characteristics of like rescript and this is from a while ago
But like it is so fast
Is that a reason ML?
Yeah, there was like a reason ML and they split into rescript and now there's like
Melange, I don't even know how you're gonna pronounce it, but that's like a fork of the older
It's it's complicated
But the compilation times on that are like insane like blows TypeScript out of the water
But it's very specifically because they're not trying to support all of JavaScript
They're just trying to support a subset, right, which makes their job a lot easier
I guess I just feel like there's so many things
That I've heard you Dax even complain about in terms of the quality of the package ecosystem in JavaScript land
I mean node is a runtime
Not the best
Like there's just so many things that I feel like
JavaScript on the back end has against it
But why why do you still is it?
It's just literally just because you want to write the same language front and back like that's basically the main
Main reason for choosing it. I mean there's a number of reasons while you would do that for an engineering work
I mean one example is right you've write one language everywhere. That's like as far as productivity
That's what the business probably values more is you being productive, right?
So well on that point like we don't but if we're doing stuff across the stack
We're writing other languages like we have to write HTML
We have to write like we have to do all this markup and other things that are context switches
Like we use a lot of tools
Whereas like I don't understand quite the value of like I'm writing TypeScript in my
Page and I'm also writing it in my back-end handler
When I could just use a different language on the back end and not deal with all the ecosystem issues
So I have a few requirements for this so oh
Well, also what you're describing is how I spent most of my career most my career
I did not write jobs from the back end and in fact for a long time when people would say
We're switching to node to have one language across stack. I didn't really understand the value
I was like I don't get it like I'm writing two languages and it's and it's entirely fine
Uh, so it makes it like C# go elixir on the back end while obviously always writing jobs from the front end
Uh or jobs for TypeScript. So
Now having gone the other way where like okay, I actually have used it in a full stack way
There are like a lot of like
As painful as some of it is now that I've like learned it
Uh
I don't really deal with the badness of the ecosystem
The only time I feel the badness of the ecosystem is when I'm trying to support other people
As a good depth tool engineer to like support their projects
Terrible choice. Yeah, I'm like you guys have made bad decisions because the ecosystem really allows for some really terrible decisions and requires
Probably a lot of knowledge to make good ones. Yeah, so I don't personally feel on my projects
But I do see it how like the average project is not set up well
And but also I have seen the benefit of writing the same language across the stack
It's not something that is impossible not to do again. Most companies I think do have split languages or like historically
That's been the case, but I just see how much better I get. It's not the like like tries to the productivity
Um, but you're also just getting better at it. No matter what you're doing if I'm writing infrastructure code
I'm getting better if I'm writing fun and code. I'm getting better from writing back in code
I'm getting better instead of like getting better at two different skills
Is that worth it?
Uh, I personally don't think I would cling to it
And I'm happy to switch to a different language on the back end. The only thing I really be giving up this point is
Like all the inference stuff you probably introduce more code gen steps to like get types into the front end
Yeah, annoying, but you can figure it out
But there actually is not a good option because the requirements I have is a very good expressive type system
And a solid ecosystem where i'm not like writing my own clients for AWS
Apis things like that. Yeah, the only thing that fits in that category close is go with a go type system is terrible
Uh, so i'm looking i'm searching and i'm happy to switch
But nothing is really hit hit what I need. Yeah, I hear people get so excited about
Like teaj talks about oh camo so much and the type system so amazing
But but immediately my question is like the deployment picture coming from like an infrastructure back end or background
It's like how does oh cam will fit into I want to deploy this stuff
To AWS lambda functions or some other
Random cloud provider like I don't know that that deployment picture and I guess is that what you mean by the ecosystem? Like
Yeah, yeah, so I mean the ecosystem on the on that's was like point is like in my control
Because we would just add oh camo support to ssc which wouldn't be a ton of work really
Uh, and it's just a custom runtime for lambda is that basically?
It's actually what's great about oh camo. It's actually not a custom runtime
It's a zero runtime like you don't incur the overhead of a custom runtime because you can just compile it natively and just runs raw
So it's similar to go or rust where it would have really great cold start characteristics
Yeah, I just haven't I just haven't done it yet because no one actually does this and no one's asked me for it
No one's asked me for oh camo lambdas. Well, we're asking you now me and on behalf of teach. I'm asking you
For okay. Can we go camo lambdas?
Okay, I'm does yeah
But like you know just the overall picture of like there's
Tenors, there's like a couple things I just need I need like again AWS SDK support
So is there a good AWS APIs is there a really good database?
Like interface like we have drizzle and typescript now. Is there something comparable?
Uh, so there's like there's like a handful of things I need along with a good site type system
And I haven't figured that out for any other language really so
As of now, I'm I'm here. I'll like if I have a performance issue
I probably will drop down to go like swap a function with go just to make it run faster
So it's nice and better set up like just one part of your application can be different language. Yeah
um
But yeah again like I I want it and I'm not satisfied, but I just don't see what the option is
Okay, so we're all stuck with types good. Go ahead trash. Yeah, I was gonna say like
I don't think I've ever worked at a company where we actually wrote the same language on the front end and back end
It's always been a different language and like I come from a similar
Background is DAX maybe not similar, but like I I've never wrote JavaScript on the back end specifically I came from like C# Java whatever
but like
I've seen the productivity like boost from just doing typescript
I don't I think like if I was gonna approach this from like an engineering leadership perspective
If I had the same language on both front and back and I can I can get more mileage out of one engineer, right?
whereas
I would
Either not to find like an actual flow stack developer that doesn't actually really exist
Or have like two separate teams which a lot of companies do that back end team that specializes in and they have a UI team, right?
But then it's like the communication complication was like jrpc or something
Whereas if you use like a model repo approach with typescript like you don't that's kind of abstracted away from me
You don't really notice it, right? But then you're in a model repo and then that comes with its own set of problems, right?
I don't yeah, like I don't know what a good solution is like
I haven't actually seen like big projects used typescript from front and back end
That just could be from my ignorance
I'm not looking for it to be honest
So to probably exist a lot of that but from like all the big companies I've been at or like companies at scale like it's always been
Like in my opinion like if you want performance, you probably don't watch out in the script, right?
So yeah, I think it's starting to happen now because I think our audience is
Mostly typescript on the back end. I would say the second highest is probably go
And we typically like you're not going to use sst for like a random side project. It's usually for like
like companies
It's starting if it actually feels new even though jobs on the back end has been around forever
I didn't deployment story around it has made it so some of the performance
But the traditional performance questions are now solved in a different way
like it doesn't matter if
My little
Single threaded JavaScript code is slow if I have the tools to easily like parallelize it across like a thousand parallel indications, right?
Um, that's become a lot simpler to do now
So we're seeing a lot more like real bigger companies use it on the back end like it's starting to get more serious
I think that's why there's a lot more demand now
Like I think you're seeing people come from these other ecosystems where they had better package managers
They had better packages and they're like, what the hell is this garbage?
Like why isn't this better?
So i'm optimistic that it's more likely that will make the jobs would ecosystem better than when this like
Mythical thing that I want will actually show up from scratch
Uh, that's that's that's where my head is right now. It's always gonna be common. Yes and esm forever
No, we need to kill common jazz. That's another thing. All right, time out. I'm gonna I'm gonna switch this topic quick
Were you guys making this gaming platform? What happened to that? Oh rebase?
Yes
Yeah, yeah, the game show. Yeah, we're still making it. I mean, it's we've been a little busy with
Other things. I've been I've been waiting for it. I've been waiting for it. It's happening. I mean this year
Like it's happening
This year right decks. Yeah, we need to catch up on a little bit
But it definitely is something we're still gonna do we made a good amount of progress on it
It's like it's actually not a big thing to build just like the initial some of that initial stuff is like
It's like it's very simple than the day, but me and adam like to go
Pretty hard. You're just pushing the boundaries. Yeah, because it's like
And I felt this way about everything that I work on and this is gonna be interesting things
I'm talking to linear
founder next week and this is like a topic I want to talk about where
Uh, sometimes your idea is just the same thing that's been around forever
But the execution being at a much higher bar is your differentiator
Uh, so that's the way I've like generally thought about things
So I tend to it's a little bit counter to like the ship garbage and like iterate on it later
I still kind of do that but
Like my I like need things to be at a certain bar. Yeah. Yeah, so this is actually
It's a segue into a question I have for you trash
Which is like I think about our problem of like time and bandwidth
If we just like opened it up and said like we could get people to help us
How is that gone for you like do you have certain standards of things you want to see like
Just like how the app functions or maybe the the quality of what's being
Even produced. Is it been like a train wreck having seven people jump in and just like start pushing PRs
How is that gone for you from a cold start of you're just working on it to now you've got all these people?
No, it's actually been very good because
Obviously, I didn't just say I didn't just open the floodgates and be like who wants to contribute at first like the first
Like initial people where people I just know from the community
And they're all like pretty good engineers. So so far like and they're like better than me in like other areas
So it's like they can like we pretty much like have a nice well-rounded little core team
But it's been great like but the the cool part is
Is relating like people that are trying to learn like limited amount
But people are trying to learn so we have like a bunch of good first issues
I've been kind of wearing my like project manager hat and just like
Making the board nice so people can actually be productive and know what they need to do
Um, yeah, so like we have like tickets for everybody right for like all around the stack
But yeah, everything everything's been like surprisingly good to be honest like we don't really we're kind of like in the
Make it work phase and maybe tweak it better but like
A lot of the really complex problems things to like just libraries and tools that exist today
like it's kind of hard to like mess things up terribly
because
You're kind of set in these guardrails almost like you can mess it up for sure
You can write shitty code, but it can't be like so terribly a bit like I can glance at it and be like
Oh, this is shit. Like fix it. Yeah, none of those scenarios have happened
Yeah, I I think less about the code quality more just like I want it to work a certain way or I want like
Just imagining the front end people coming in and pushing prs
Stresses me out like I would be so overbearing about
How the thing looks and works. Yeah, you kind of have to learn to let that go a little bit
Because it's like I'd rather have something than nothing to build on
Um, but to be honest, it's like
Like I said the platform is almost like kind of like leak code
So it's like you can kind of go to their platform and be like make some assumptions on how behaviors should be
You know, I mean, so it's not like like we're not making something like brand brand new for sure
But we're basically taking an existing platform and
Repurposing it for our needs so we have something to go off of it's like almost as if you're making like a twitter clone
But instead of twitter, it's just like programming code snippets or some shit, you know what I mean?
Um, so it's like we're not started from completely nothing like ux patterns
We can pretty much grab from there or tweak it to our own benefit
Um, so it hasn't been hasn't been good. We actually have this one other engineer that joined who like
Is actually like a tailwind master
so
Like I haven't it's been a while since like i've worked with someone and like i've been like wow
You're like actually good at front end like like making shit look good and not like animations. I'm like oh my god
I was like, all right. You're the you're the tailwind guy or whatever
So it's like that's been like super helpful to just see like all these different skill sets kind of kind of merged together
Um, but yeah, it's good. It's great. It's great. Okay. If you want to send your little community when they're done once you've shipped
You want to send them over to us? We've got we've got a project they can help us. Let's read. I'm that when I'm done
I'm down to help for sure
I'm just like I always love building like I feel like if I'm not building I just
I'm really bored. I guess. Yeah, do you guys? I'm sure like like do you ever get so like I know you had like the stat museum?
You had the sst thing
Are you at some point or have you ever felt where like you're like man? I kind of I just want to like
Do something else? Yeah, I was gonna say this earlier when you were talking about it
I think with all the different things that we could spend time on
It's really nice when there's harmony with all of it and I think I've gotten to a place where
It's really lucky and I'm really grateful for it. Like there is a lot of harmony between it, right?
There's like yeah, I love building
I want to build stuff and I had pretty much can work on whatever I feel like makes sense
Right. So the last couple months has been a lot of fun and work building the new sst console
Uh, but all that is open source. So that means I get to
Remit when I feel like it none of the treatment on days. I don't want to
Uh, and I get to talk about it
On twitter and like, you know make fun of people and then do all the stuff I love to do
And then once it's launched and I get to do marketing for it like
Whatever it is
Yes, my my dev rel duties
Uh, then I get to like make videos with people that I think are cool and like we'd have fun and we mix up together
So I think I find harmony
There's like a single thing I'm working on that I'm really excited like you said like you're really into the thing you're building
Uh, and then actually I can kind of express it in like every category of thing that that I can do
So I know that's super rare and it's hard stuff to align that way, but
Yeah, I think me having
Um
Me having that just makes it so I can just work on this stuff forever and like not really get tired of it
Which is really the only that matters. Yeah, I think that's kind of like your environment is kind of where I kind of thrive in
Where like I can tell like you and your your teammates. You guys are like good friends, right?
Yeah, exactly
So that's like one element, but it's also like the freedom to be like working on what you think should be priority
And that's like the best part in my opinion. It's like you don't you don't you're working on it because you want to you're not working
I mean sometimes you obviously have to work on something because at a necessity, but being able to like
Be like I want to do this because I think it's important and also maybe because I also think it's exciting
Um, so like those are like the best things. What about you? I don't yeah, I think like before I went back to statin use
There were periods where I would just drift away from doing
Building you know like just getting my hands dirty. I got just when I was messing around too much on twitch or on twitter
And then I would start to realize like I'm just too disconnected from actual technology. I'm not doing enough
I think since I've been back at statmuse. I've got some pretty
Specific things that I'm pushing pretty hard on so that's that's helped
Uh, but I've been known to be like hey, I could do this thing. I definitely like
Always have new things. I want to start. I think I am addicted to like the green field startup a new project
Thing
Uh, and then abandon it at some point
I think that's like one kind of thing that I noticed when I so like to take this back to the earlier conversation
I was kind of saying how I was tailoring back
My like interaction with internet. It's like I kind of felt where I was spending too much time there and actually getting worse
At like programming because I just wasn't programming enough. I was instead of coding
I was just reading people's opinions on twitter that were absolutely shit anyways
and like
And then like I just had like no no connection to be like well
I can say an opinion, but I don't actually believe in it because I don't know because I haven't tried it
Right. So it's been a person that's like if I want to try something or have an opinion
I have to build something with it
And then I can actually feel like I can bring value to the conversation where I think twitter
That's just not a thing. I mean, there's definitely people on twitter
I've actually there's a subset of people that I go to or like read to actually like take serious like
Information in but most of it. It's like you don't you don't like maybe you know what you're talking about
But I don't actually trust you
Um, so I'm gonna go like do it myself and then like
Come from my own perspective at it, but I also just don't like arguing on twitter in general
I just like I mean, I like arguing but not about tech and just like being mean in general
Come back to the east coast trash. We miss you
Yeah, like I think um
I think DAX's account is like a great like new addition
At least to my feed because like I think everyone knows DAX is really or you do too
You both are like very knowledgeable in the like serverless space or whatever space you guys like outside of that
But at the same time, it's like you're also like a shit poster
And you can just like make fun of people
But then like when someone tries to like be like actually you're like well
No, actually and then it's like it's like the we like we like
At least on my feed there's like a lot of that missing so it's like great to like kind of see that stuff
But now like we're running out of serverless stuff to talk about so now DAX is like reaching real hard
I know man. I'm running out of side
I said is I ran out of smart stuff to stay like two months ago or so and I've just been
Grandma and son. I was like man DAX is smart. I'm like, oh and now he's degrading. Oh, he's degrading
If we talk about anything else though DAX like the first time I talked with any like
With you about any topic that we've never talked about
I think you do have smart things to say about it
Like somehow you've been very well-rounded in life like you've you've got a lot of inputs
I told you we've already talked about why I've just read the right 10 books 10 books
Yeah, I still can't believe you
I can't imagine DAX being like my director. I'll be like dude. You're like really mean
I can't imagine that's why I posted that the other day because I was like wait
I was a director of engineering like that's insane. Why the hell did anyone let that happen?
Uh
Yeah, I was in a pure management room
It's like I've been in like engineering leadership positions too
And I kind of feel back because it's like I can imagine like my old
Coworkers seeing my twitter and be like what the hell like is this?
Yeah, I know I think my whole time because I know the stupid between two nerds episodes
I do get posted in my old company slack and I'm like
Are they just like remember when this dude was like deciding whether I get a razor or not?
I think about that stuff constantly to be honest
I'm like is this actually gonna hurt me at some point? I don't think so because I don't really say like
Two-two spicy things, but yeah, I definitely uh think about it sometimes. Yeah, yeah, I think the way I think about it
I think I've narrowed
My like range of places I could work
But also I think I've like the places where I could work
I think would be like very excited to have me
Right, so I think it's kind of like that trade-off probably somewhere for anyone
Kind of doing this stuff that we do. Yeah, I mean, that's like the perspective
I have like they'll pie hire me because they're excited to want to work with me and outside of that
Like I think like after like I'm done with like the Netflix spiel. I'm probably gonna go back to
the scrappy
Like smaller companies because I I miss that for sure and that's why I kind of smash my child side
just to like
Do stuff. I'm not saying like the stuff I'm doing on Netflix is like boring or anything. It's it's fine
But just different. Yeah, it's just different for sure for sure
But like the cool thing about like Netflix. It's not like other big companies where there's a lot of
Decisions that need to be made above you before you can actually act on them
It's like we have like this freedom and responsibility. They're like, do you think it's a good idea?
I'm like, yeah, like go fucking do it. I'm like, all right, man. Just don't fire me if it doesn't go well
So like that's like something about it, right? So yeah, that's like one thing I do appreciate about like that company
But I do miss like just small we'll work together at a big company. I never should be so funny
Oh, that'd be fun. That's why open source exists. You just work on open source projects. No, but it's funnier for all out of big company
While I look at this. Yeah, we're like
You find our Twitter. We're just talking shit about our manager
Dude, this is nobody was talking about or like he's like watching this stream. He's like, I think they're talking about me
I actually worry about that because my manager he I know he's aware of like
My twitch stream and stuff
So like I'm like I have to be like somewhat conscious of what I say nowadays, but not too much
I don't I don't care like too too bad. I don't say like I have common sense
They're like not speak for the behalf of like the company and stuff, but you know
Yeah, I hate I hate knowing who watched like when I found out my parents watched my stream. Oh my god
I just hate it. It hurts so good. It just like everything I say I think through that lens
It's not like I even like try not to say things that I would have said. It's just you're thinking about that
They're in the back of your head. That's literally why I got off facebook
My parents made an account like x years ago. And I was like, I'm gone
Actually, my mom looked at my linkedin profile like last week
And I just like just straight up cringe. I was like fuck she like she found me. She forget where your works
I mean she has no idea what I do. She's like you just you just code and stuff. I'm like, yeah
They don't care. They're just doing they're retired. They're doing their own thing
It's it's the opposite for me. My job is literally to make fun of my manager publicly
So
Hey, is your is Jay the is Jay your boss?
You see oh, yeah
Is there like is there others is he is there like other co-founders or is he like the one?
No, so there's uh, there's three of us total. So like obviously these titles man nothing when there's just three people
Yeah
Jay just technically has to do this shit that
The CEO's have to do like talk to v season and all that he actually he is a very good CEO though
he's like very good at
Setting like thinking really hard about stuff and setting direction correctly. Um, I like very much like the way he thinks about things
Uh, there's him and Frank. They originally started the company together
uh, then and then I joined them like
like
It's been me two years. It's only been two years. I think that's kind of what I want next is like a really small company like that
After like my kids grow up because I just have not enough time
But I kind of like I do like I do like working hard
I think working hard is great. If you're if it's still working. I want to do all right
Is it work you want to do you let people you want to you work with it?
Just like there's nothing better. It's just so fun
Exactly like I work
So like I just I jumped around companies a lot and I stayed on one company for six years simply because we were just like
It was like I was working with my best friends. So it's like we would just be like saying next to each other
This work for good socks
But like next to each other it was like this sucks. It's but we're like
But we're smiling it's like I left a long time ago. They're all still there, but yeah, it's it's it's amazing
Like the power of like relationships can do to like yeah
Like it's it's nice when you find those people because like even if sst fails
I'm sure that three of us are gonna continue to work together like 100 potentially forever and whatever the next thing is so
Yeah, I just feel good to get to have that
Yeah, small companies are where it's at. I agree. I mean like
I can I know we're at time. I got but I could just like talk about that forever of like the whole dynamic of all that stuff
It's good. I miss it. I miss it
We can all start a company together one day. It'll be complete. It'll definitely fail 100% will definitely fail
We're not gonna agree on a tech stack. We're never gonna skip the first version, but we can try it
We'll ship Prisma and drizzle side-by-side. Oh my god
People can pass an inquiry parameters to whatever one they want the backend to use
Like it's like speed slow speed fast
All right, I got I got to get to work soon
Yeah, we should probably yeah, we should in this is fun
Just like there's no like I messaged out right before this. I'm like is there like questions or something?
No, we don't prepare
We don't have time for that
On back on the hard work thing real quick before we get off here
Is it really hard work like I've had those periods where I was super excited about like a small group of people
Work on a project like even at stat news where there's like three of us and we're shipping this thing and we're moving fast
And we're putting in crazy time
But I don't know if you can call it hard work because nothing about it is hard
like
Yes, it is a lot of time, but if you just like played a video game you love all day
You wouldn't call that hard work. So like
Is it hard work?
You know I'm saying no, it's it's hard work that comes easily. Yeah, I think it's uh, it's it's never been
like if you look at it externally people might see all the hours I put in or like
uh, just like the amount of stuff I'm outputting or like the amount of energy I'm exerting and it's a lot but
Does it feel hard to choose to do like no?
Like right like nothing about it for yourself. It's hard. You want to do it
You're enjoying every second of it. It does feel bad
You liked it, but it feels bad
It's like doing a workout where like kind of feels bad
But you're having maybe you're into the work or you're playing a sport
Like you like playing the sport, but it's like like it feels bad in the sense that if you haven't been like you've been neglecting everything else
You've just kind of been like sprinting on something you start to feel that
Yeah, or you're like or you feel like shit at the end of some days or like there's like some
A couple hours where they're just like a million things you need to do when you're kind of scattered like there's just like
Yeah moments of stress like that. So they're definitely negative
With it, but yeah, I don't feel like hard work would be like washing windows all day. Yeah, that's very different
Yeah, it's I definitely wouldn't equate it to like doing stuff that you hate because you have to
That's like truly truly hard work. It's interesting like I I guess like in some of those senses
I would be labeled as a hard worker. It's just interesting to think about like
My psychology while I was in those periods
Like I was enjoying it and I was it was a fun thing to do
But that that's hard work. You're a hard worker. I think we're talking among the people that can choose to not
Do that. Uh, if you can choose to work hard or not work hard. Oh, I see like, you know, there's like a lot of people in that category
I think that's I think we're just talking relative to that. Yeah, that makes sense
This is our 40th episode. Do you know that? Wow
Wow
40 episodes or still haven't written a review with someone please write a review no one's a review at all
I don't think so. I mean, there's like all the different platforms. I guess maybe on some weird one like pod rocket or whatever
I don't know if somebody could write one on apple or just like even rate it. That'd be good people post about it on twitter
Just like redirect that and I know we get kind messages. We know people are downloading it
I don't know if they're listening to it
But if you could write something please somebody tell us on one of the platforms apple preferably
Okay, now I just got really to be honest. I don't even know how to relieve a review of I actually don't either
I've never left a podcast or this and I'm like, no idea what we're talking about do
And I'm sure they have no idea either who the hell leaves podcast reviews
Well, if somebody figures it out, please let us know so we can continue to shittle that message right tutorial. Oh, there you go
Make a little video about it at twitter thread. Yeah, right?
Yeah, okay. We should probably go. Okay. All right. See you all right. Bye twitch everybody. Bye. Bye
[Music]
Wait